1) AngularJS is a javascript framework. It can be added to an HTML page with a <script> tage
 Angularjs extends HTML attributes with Directives and binds data to HTML wtih EXPRESSION

 AngularJS extends HTML with ng-directives

 The ng-app directive defines an AngularJs application.
 The ng-model directive binds the value of HTML controls(input, select, textarea) to application data
 The ng-bind directive binds application data to the HTML view
 The ng-init directive intializes AngularJS application variables

 2) Angularjs Expression ?
 An) AngularJs Expression are written inside double braces: {{}}

 3)Anguarjs modules ?
 An) Angularjs modules define Angularjs Application, AngularJS controllers control AngularJS application
    ng-app directive define the application, the ng-controller directive define the controller
     module is the container of the application controller
     modules and controllers in files:- It is a common in AngularJS application to put the module and the controllers in js files
     var app = angular.module("myApp", []);
     ****imp( The [] parameter in the module definition can fe ised to define dependent modules.
     without the [] parameter, you are not creating a new module, but retrieving an existing one)
     Function can pollute the Global Namespace:- Global function should be avoided in js. They can easily be overwritten or destroyed by others
     to reduces this problem by keeping all function local to the module

  4) Angular Directives?
   An) AngularJs lets you extend HTML with new Attributes called Directives.
   angularJs has a set of Built-in directives which offers functionality to your application
   AngularJs lets you define your own directives.
   The ng-app directive initialized as AngularJS application
   The ng-init directive initializes application data.
   Create new Directives- In addition to all built-in angularJs directive you can create your own directives
   New directive are created by using the .directive function.
   To invoke the new directive, make ana HTML element with the same tag name as the new directive
   while naming we must use the camel case name,w3TestDirective, and - for seperate name

   5) Angular database is perfect for database CRUD application
   The ng-app directive define the root element of an angualarJS application
   The ng-app directive will auto-bootstrap the appication when a web page is loaded

   6)Angularjs controllers?
   An)Angularjs controller control the data of anguarjs application
   angualrjs controller are regular javascript objects
   Angularjs application are controlled by controllers.

   7)In angularJs scope?
   An) The scope is the binding part between the HTMl(view) and the Javascript(controller).
   THe scope is an object with available properties and methods.
   The scope is available for both the view and the controller
   ***Understanding the scope
   If we consider an AngualrJs application to consist of:
   *)View which is the HTML
   *)Model which is the data available for the current view
   *)Controller which is the javaScript function that makes/chamges/removes/controls ths data

    8)Filters Angualrjs
    An) AngualrJs provides filters to transfer the data :
    Currency Format a number to a currency  format.
    data: Formate a data to a specified format.
    filter: select a subset of items from an array
     json: Format an object to a JSON stein.
     linitTO: Limits an arrau/string,into a specified nimber od elements/character
     Lowercase: Format a string to a lower case.
     Number: Format a  number to a string
     orderBy: Orders an array by an expression
     uppercase Format a string to upper case
     filter can be added in an expression by using the pipe character | , followed by filter

     Filter an Array Based on user Input:-
     By setting the ng-model directive on an input field we can use the value of the input field as an expression in a filter

     9)Angularjs services ?
     Ans) In angularjs you can make your own service or use one of the many built-in services
     **AngularJS a service is a function or object that is available for and limited to your AngularJS application
      Angualrjs is 30 buit-in services. One of them is the $location service
      $location service has methods which return information about the location of current web page

      10) why  we uses services in Angular?
      An) For many services like the $location services it seem like you could use objects that are already in the DOM like the window.location
      object, and you could, but it would have some limitation at least for your angualrJS application
      AngularJs constantly supervises your application and for it to handel changes and events properly,Angularjs prefer that you use the $location servoce instead of the window.location
      object.
      $http services:- $http service is one of the most common used services in AngualrJs applications. The service makes a request
       to the server, and lets your application handle the response
       Use a Coustem service inside a Filter :- Once you have created a service and connected it to your applocation you can use the service
       in any  controller,directices .filter,or even inside other sevices
       AngularJS HTTP AJAX- $http ;- $http is an angularJs service for reading data from remote servers.
       Methods:- The example above uses the .get method of the $http service.  The .get method is a shortcut method of the $http service.
                  There are serveral shortcut methods:.delete().get().head().jsonp().patch().post().put()
       11) to get json data?
       An) The data you get from the response is expected to be in JSON format.
       JSON is a great way of transporting data and it is easy to use within AngularJS or any other Javascript
        12) Angualarjs selecte Boxes?
        An) If you want to  create a dropdown list, based on an object or an array in Angularjs, you should use the ng-options directive.
        ng-repeat  directive repeats a block of HTML code for each item in an array it can be used to create option in a dropdown list,
        but the ng-option directive was made especially for filling a dropdown list with option and has at least one important advantange:
        dropdown made with ng-option allllows the selesctes value to be an object, while dropdowns made form ng-repeat has to be a string
        13) AngularJS validation?
        An) AngularJS offer client-side form validation.
        AngularJS monitor the state of the form and input fields(input,textarea) and lets you notify the user about the current state.
        AngularJS also holds information about whether they have been touched or modified or not.
        use HTML5 attribute required to specify that the input field must be filled
        14)Angularjs Routing?
        An)ngRoute module help your application to become a single Page application
         if you want to navigate to different pages in your application but also want the application to be a SPA with no page reloading
         you can use the ngRoute module